DTW settings, terms and cond, links (#277)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/shared/net/guides/overview-desktop.rst

Step 1: Set up the node
=======================

> The Desktop Wallet must be connected to a running node on the Concordium blockchain, so you'll have to run a node. You can run a node using :ref:`Windows<run-node-windows>`, :ref:`macOS <run-node-macos>`, and :ref:`Docker <run-a-node>` or :ref:`Ubuntu <run-node-ubuntu>` for Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Desktop Wallet must be connected to a running node on the Concordium blockchain, so you'll have to run a node. You can run a node using :ref:`Windows<run-node-windows>`, :ref:`macOS <run-node-macos>`, and :ref:`with Docker <run-a-node>` or :ref:`a Debian package <run-node-ubuntu>` on Linux.
```
